# FuzzingWiki

🔎 Happy Fuzzing - Happy Hacking

## 0x01 Cool Fuzzing 

### [[CCS 2016] Coverage-based Greybox Fuzzing as Markov Chain](./Cool_Fuzzing/Coverage-based_Greybox_Fuzzing_as_Markov_Chain.pdf)

*Abstract:* Coverage-based Greybox Fuzzing (CGF) is a random testing approach that requires no program analysis. A new test is generated by slightly mutating a seed input. If the test exercises a new and interesting path, it is added to the set of seeds; otherwise, it is discarded. We observe that most tests exercise the same few high-frequency paths and develop strategies to explore signi cantly more paths with the same number of tests by gravitating towards low-frequency paths.
We explain the challenges and opportunities of CGF using a Markov chain model which speci es the probability that fuzzing the seed that exercises path i generates an input that exercises path j. Each state (i.e., seed) has an energy that speci es the number of inputs to be generated from that seed. We show that CGF is considerably more e cient if energy is inversely proportional to the density of the stationary distribution and increases monotonically every time that seed is chosen. Energy is controlled with a power schedule.
We implemented the exponential schedule by extending AFL. In 24 hours, AFLFast exposes 3 previously unreported CVEsthat are not exposed by AFL and exposes 6 previously unreported CVEs 7x faster than AFL. AFLFast produces at least an order of magnitude more unique crashes than AFL.

## 0x02 Binary Fuzzing 

### [[RAID 2020] Binary-level Directed Fuzzing for Use-After-Free Vulnerabilities](./Binary_Fuzzing/Binary-level_Directed_Fuzzing_for_Use-After-Free_Vulnerabilities.pdf)

*Abstract:* Directed fuzzing focuses on automatically testing specific parts of the code by taking advantage of additional information such as (partial) bug stack trace, patches or risky operations. Key applications include bug reproduction, patch testing and static analysis report verification. Although directed fuzzing has received a lot of attention recently, hard-to-detect vulnerabilities such as Use-After-Free (UAF) are still not well addressed, especially at the binary level. We propose UAFUZZ, the first (binary-level) directed greybox fuzzer dedicated to UAF bugs. The technique features a fuzzing engine tailored to UAF specifics, a lightweight code instrumentation and an efficient bug triage step. Experimental evaluation for bug reproduction on real cases demonstrates that UAFUZZ significantly outperforms state-of-the-art directed fuzzers in terms of fault detection rate, time to exposure and bug triaging. UAFUZZ has also been proven effective in patch testing, leading to the discovery of 30 new bugs (7 CVEs) in programs such as Perl, GPAC and GNU Patch. Finally, we provide to the community a large fuzzing benchmark dedicated to UAF, built on both real codes and real bugs. 